In step nine, we will be dealing with the configuration of the secure Ingenix server blocks, the procedure
is identical to the first site, but you have to files that deal with SSL directives.
You have the global SSL file and then you have the site specific SSL file.
You do not need to recreate the global file.
We've already done that.
You only need to create the site specific file.
A listing of our ATC engine is this old directory.
It's this are all sites.
That is the global SSL file that contains the global directives and the SSL.
WPEC ALLAI is the site specific SSL file.
We now need to create our second site's SSL file.
That is the site specific SSL file sudo CEDP.
We want to copy, we want to copy the existing site specific SSL file and create a new file giving it
up new domain name.
We then need to open the file using Nano.
The site specific SSL files are simply a file that contains the SSL certificate directives, all we
need do is change the existing domain name to the new domain name.
I've not changed all the WPC allies to the new domain name Mac whipped, if you can exit, saving your
changes, no changes need to be made to the global issues.
Alpha, all the directors inside SSL, all sites can be used by any site, can go back one level CD,
double period forward slash and then change to the sites available directory where they need to open
our sites configuration file suit and then followed by the name of the site.
Now we need to start adding our SSL directives.
We need to add a new server block in the server block.
We have a return 3001 if any visitor types Mac Web dev dot com or w w w dot mac web dev dot com.
There is a permanent 301 redirect to HTP is Mac Web dev dot com.
So what we are doing is we are letting engine X redirect from HTP to H.
TTP is the second server block.
We need to remove the ATI and turn on HTP to.
Underneath server name in the four four three server context, we need to add our two SSL include files,
the SSL for the site, its Islamic Web dev, as well as the SSL all sites dot seo in.
If that's all we have to do at this stage.
Exit saving your changes to the file end to test the configuration engi or reload.
Ingenix I'm going to check our HTP response headers.
We receive an A rating.
Let's test our SSL certificate and check the rating.
And a plus on SSL Lapps.